Installation
------------

> How do I install Redaxscript?

Follow the installation section in the basics chapter.

> Can I use other database types?

Redaxscript supports SQLite / MySQL / PostgreSQL empowered by [Idiorm](https://github.com/j4mie/idiorm).

> What to do after installation?

Delete `console.php` and `install.php` immediately. You can safely delete the console and install templates too, since it is no longer needed.

> How do I install or configure modules?

Each `PHTML` file inside the `docs` directory of a module represents a tab that can be found while editing.


Configuration
-------------

> How do I change my title and description?

Browse `admin/edit/settings` and change title and description inside the metadata section.

> How do I change my homepage?

Browse `admin/edit/settings` and change homepage inside the contents section.


Content
-------

> Why is there no article present?

The category you are browsing is empty and does have no articles.

> How do I shorten my article?

Use a document break using the `<readmore>` content tag.

> How do I enable comments?

Edit the article and enable comments inside the customize tab.


Template
--------

> How do I create a template?

It is recommended to get started with the skeleton template.

> How can I preview elements?

Utilize the preview module to display completed elements of your template. 

> What coding skills do I need?

PostCSS and HTML skills are needed. You need to learn how to build your assets with Grunt.

> May I remove the powered by?

There is no need to provide a link to our website.
