Parse issue
-----------

> Instead of seeing what I expected, a white screen of death appears.

Verify your webserver provides PHP 5.4.0 or higher. You can enable another version inside your <code>.htaccess</code> file:

<pre>addhandler php54-cgi .php</pre>

XAMPP ships the PEAR Config that causes a <code>Cannot redeclare class Config</code> fatal error. Please uncomment the <code>include_path</code> inside the <code>php.ini</code> file located in the XAMPP directory:

<pre>include_path = ".:/php/includes"</pre>

Enable error reporting inside your <code>index.php</code> file and submit an issue on GitHub. Make sure to post the error reporting and url of your Redaxscript installation:

<pre>error_reporting(E_ERROR | E_PARSE);</pre>


Rewrite issue
-------------

> All pages except my homepage return an internal server error.

Setup a rewrite base inside your <code>.htaccess</code> file:

<pre>rewritebase /{your-path}</pre>

Manually load <code>mod_rewrite</code> inside your <code>.htaccess</code> file:

<pre>loadmodule rewrite_module modules/mod_rewrite.so</pre>

Setup the allow override directive inside your <code>.htaccess</code> file:

<pre>allowoverride fileinfo</pre>

Setup the follow symlinks option inside your <code>.htaccess</code> file:

<pre>options +followsymlinks</pre>

Disable the <code>rewrite_module</code> and Redaxscript uses the query mode.

<pre>rewriteengine off</pre>


Session issue
-------------

> My session can't be started or expires frequently.

Setup a session path inside your <code>.htaccess</code> file:

<pre>session.save_path /{your-path}</pre>


Token issue
-----------

> My token is invalid.

Your <code>session_id()</code>, <code>REMOTE_ADDR</code>, <code>HTTP_USER_AGENT</code> or <code>HTTP_HOST</code> changed while processing the request.


Password issue
--------------

> My password is invalid after the last update.

Redaxscript is using a salted <code>SHA1</code> hash to store your password inside the database. Use <code>domain.com/reminder</code> to retrieve a email with the password reset link.


Charset issue
-------------

> Special characters are not displayed correctly.

Setup a default charset inside your <code>.htaccess</code> file:

<pre>adddefaultcharset utf-8</pre>
